labs/01-advisor-install/workshop/content/part-1-installing-the-cli/index.md, before:

# Part 1: Installing the CLI

In this section, you'll download and install the Spring Application Advisor CLI.

## Step 1: Set Your Artifactory Token

First, ensure your Artifactory token is set as an environment variable:

```copy-and-edit
export ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN=your-token-here
```

**For reference, on other platforms:**

Windows (PowerShell):
```bash
$env:ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN="your-token-here"
```

Windows (Command Prompt):
```cmd
set ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN=your-token-here
```

## Step 2: Download and Install the CLI

Download the Spring Application Advisor CLI for Linux:

```execute
curl -L -H "Authorization: Bearer $ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN" -o advisor-cli.tar -X GET https://packages.broadcom.com/artifactory/spring-enterprise/com/vmware/tanzu/spring/application-advisor-cli-linux/1.4.1/application-advisor-cli-linux-1.4.1.tar
```

Extract the CLI:

```execute
tar -xf advisor-cli.tar --strip-components=1 --exclude=./META-INF
```

**For reference, on other platforms:**

Windows:
```bash
curl -L -H "Authorization: Bearer $env:ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN" -o advisor-cli.tar -X GET https://packages.broadcom.com/artifactory/spring-enterprise/com/vmware/tanzu/spring/application-advisor-cli-windows/1.4.1/application-advisor-cli-windows-1.4.1.tar
tar -xf advisor-cli.tar --strip-components=1 --exclude=./META-INF
```

MacOS (Intel):
```bash
curl -L -H "Authorization: Bearer $ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN" -o advisor-cli.tar -X GET https://packages.broadcom.com/artifactory/spring-enterprise/com/vmware/tanzu/spring/application-advisor-cli-macos/1.4.1/application-advisor-cli-macos-1.4.1.tar
tar -xf advisor-cli.tar --strip-components=1 --exclude=./META-INF
```

MacOS (ARM64/Apple Silicon):
```bash
curl -L -H "Authorization: Bearer $ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN" -o advisor-cli.tar -X GET https://packages.broadcom.com/artifactory/spring-enterprise/com/vmware/tanzu/spring/application-advisor-cli-macos-arm64/1.4.1/application-advisor-cli-macos-arm64-1.4.1.tar
tar -xf advisor-cli.tar --strip-components=1 --exclude=./META-INF
```

## Step 3: Verify Installation

Test that the CLI is working:

```execute
./advisor --help
```

You should see the available commands listed:
```
Usage: advisor [COMMAND]
Spring Application Advisor CLI
Commands:
  build-config  Project build dependencies and tools
  upgrade-plan  Retrieves or applies upgrade plan(s) to project
```

## Step 4: Configure Maven Settings

To enable Spring Application Advisor to download commercial recipes, you need to configure your Maven repositories correctly. Refer to the [official documentation](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/spring/spring-application-advisor/1-4/spring-app-advisor/recipes.html) for detailed configuration steps.

Commit message:

Adding in mocking out packages.broadcom.com

labs/01-advisor-install/workshop/content/part-1-installing-the-cli/index.md, after:

# Part 1: Installing the CLI

In this section, you'll install the Spring Application Advisor CLI.  We'll be simulating the experience of downloading the CLI directly from the Spring Enterprise Repository.  In many environments organizations will mirror the Spring Enterprise Repository to your own internal Maven repository.  Access to the internal repository will depend on your organization's setup.  Contact your IT staff to determine your mirrored repository location and access credentials.

## Step 1: Set Your Artifactory Token

First, ensure your Artifactory token is set as an environment variable.  The token here is a sample and **WILL NOT** work with the Broadcom Spring Enterprise repository:

```copy-and-edit
export ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN=eyJ2ZXIiOiIyIiw_EXAMPLE_TOKEN_nzQOKQc6A
```

**For reference, on other platforms:**

Windows (PowerShell):
```bash
$env:ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN="your-token-here"
```

Windows (Command Prompt):
```cmd
set ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN=your-token-here
```

## Step 2: Download and Install the CLI

Download the Spring Application Advisor CLI for Linux:

```execute
curl -L -H "Authorization: Bearer $ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN" -o advisor-cli.tar -X GET https://packages.broadcom.com/artifactory/spring-enterprise/com/vmware/tanzu/spring/application-advisor-cli-linux/1.5.0/application-advisor-cli-linux-1.5.0.tar
```

Extract the CLI:

```execute
tar -xf advisor-cli.tar --strip-components=1 --exclude=./META-INF
```

**For reference, on other platforms:**

Windows:
```bash
curl -L -H "Authorization: Bearer $env:ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN" -o advisor-cli.tar -X GET https://packages.broadcom.com/artifactory/spring-enterprise/com/vmware/tanzu/spring/application-advisor-cli-windows/1.5.0/application-advisor-cli-windows-1.5.0.tar
tar -xf advisor-cli.tar --strip-components=1 --exclude=./META-INF
```

MacOS (Intel):
```bash
curl -L -H "Authorization: Bearer $ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN" -o advisor-cli.tar -X GET https://packages.broadcom.com/artifactory/spring-enterprise/com/vmware/tanzu/spring/application-advisor-cli-macos/1.5.0/application-advisor-cli-macos-1.5.0.tar
tar -xf advisor-cli.tar --strip-components=1 --exclude=./META-INF
```

MacOS (ARM64/Apple Silicon):
```bash
curl -L -H "Authorization: Bearer $ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN" -o advisor-cli.tar -X GET https://packages.broadcom.com/artifactory/spring-enterprise/com/vmware/tanzu/spring/application-advisor-cli-macos-arm64/1.5.0/application-advisor-cli-macos-arm64-1.5.0.tar
tar -xf advisor-cli.tar --strip-components=1 --exclude=./META-INF
```

## Step 3: Verify Installation

Test that the CLI is working:

```execute
./advisor --help
```

You should see the available commands listed:
```
Usage: advisor [COMMAND]
Spring Application Advisor CLI
Commands:
  build-config  Project build dependencies and tools
  upgrade-plan  Retrieves or applies upgrade plan(s) to project
```

## Step 4: Configure Maven Settings

To enable Spring Application Advisor to download commercial recipes, you need to configure your Maven repositories correctly. Refer to the [official documentation](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/spring/spring-application-advisor/1-5/spring-app-advisor/recipes.html) for detailed configuration steps.
